Here is a list of know bugs, ordered by priority from high to low:

- all pixmaps should be precomputed (either at application launch or
   on demand) and stored globally as QPixmaps. There should be a "global"
   const QPixmap& getPixmap(Natron::PixmapEnum e) which returns a
   given pixmap (after building it if it was never asked for), and
   stores it until the application quits. Natron keeps decoding PNGs
   everywhere (search for NATRON_IMAGES_PATH in the code)

- a plugin that returns an error during the "load" or "describe" actions,
  for example if it requires a missing suite
  (e.g. ParametricParameterSuite for OFX/Color/RGBLut), should *not*
  appear in the menus.

- a multibundle plugin should appear as a group in the hierarchy. If
  the multibundle specifies a grouping, it should appear as a group
  *below* that grouping. for example, a multibundle called Toto, which
  specifies PluginGrouping as "Titi/Tata" should create entries
  "Titi/Tata/Toto/Plugin1", "Titi/Tata/Toto/Plugin2", etc.
  A multibundle plugin with no grouping should create a toplevel
  group.
  As of now, a multibundle plugin with a grouping puts all plugins
  within that grouping inside its own menu (see multibundle from
  Support plugins), which is a bug, of course.

- bug in KnobGui::setVisible: if the Knob is within a group, only show it if the group is
  unfolded!

- When viewing a single component (R, G, or B), is should be displayed
  as grayscale, because blue has a very low luminance. Another
  solution would be a channel-specific display, where for example for
  the blue channel the values 0-0.0722 would be mapped linearly to
  (0,0,0)-(0,0,255), and the values 0.0722-1.0 would be mapped
  linearly to (0,0,255)-(255,255,255). This gives the same luminance
  as the grayscale version, but with a blue clor. 

- The color picker displays the wrong information when viewing a
single component (all other components are 0, except alpha which is 1)

- On OSX dragging the viewer pane will freeze the GUI (Qt5 only)

